Jaden:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
Aster: SOMEONE'S COMING.
Echo: ADRIAN.
Zane: I DON'T TRUST THIS GUY.
HUH? OH!
LOOK. IT'S THAT
CREEPY ARM.
YOU'VE TEAMED UP
WITH YUBEL
LIKE VIPER
AND MARCEL.
COME WITH ME,
ECHO.
I DON'T WANT
TO GO WITH YOU.
YOU'RE SCARING ME.
THAT WASN'T
A REQUEST.
LET HER GO, ADRIAN.
GAME ON.
I ACTIVATE THE RITUAL
OF THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD SPELL CARD.
THERE IT IS...
EXODIA.
Adrian: IN ORDER
TO ACHIEVE MY DESTINY
AND RULE THIS WORLD,
I MUST CONTROL
EXODIA'S POWER,
BUT IN ORDER TO RELEASE
EXODIA FROM ITS CHAINS,
I MUST OFFER UP THE DUEL ENERGY
OF SOMEONE CLOSE TO ME.
ADRIAN...
ECHO, I CAN'T DO THIS
WITHOUT YOU.
AND YOU WON'T.
ECHO, NO!
DON'T DO IT.
ECHO!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
WITH ECHO'S HELP, I WILL SOON
CONTROL THE POWER OF EXODIA.
Aster: NO! ECHO, STOP.
YOU CAN'T LET HIM USE
YOUR DUEL ENERGY.
PLEASE, MISS ECHO,
LISTEN TO HIM.
WHAT YOU'RE
GOING TO DO
MAY HAVE
DANGEROUS
REPERCUSSIONS.
DO NOT DO THIS.
I DON'T THINK SHE'S
STOPPING FOR ANYBODY.
HER MIND IS MADE UP.
AND IT'S
NOT CHANGING.
HOW COULD YOU ASK THIS
OF YOUR FRIEND, ADRIAN?
DON'T YOU KNOW WHAT
WILL HAPPEN TO HER?
WITHOUT HER DUEL ENERGY,
SHE'LL BE SENT
TO THE STARS.
RGH! DON'T YOU GET IT?
YOU MAY NEVER SEE
HER AGAIN!
AND THE ONLY THINGS THAT
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE LEFT
ARE HER MEMORY
AND EXODIA.
IS IT REALLY WORTH
ALL THAT? IS IT?
[THINKING] I KNOW THAT
BY DOING THIS, ADRIAN,
YOU WILL FINALLY HAVE THE POWER
YOU SO RIGHTLY DESERVE.
UH!
AAH!
OH!
UH!
AAH!
AAAH!
ADRIAN, STOP IT.
AAH! AAH!
THE RITUAL
OF THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD
HAS ALREADY
BEEN ACTIVATED.
THERE IS NO
STOPPING IT NOW.
MY DESTINY IS
TO RULE THIS WORLD,
AND THIS DUEL WILL DELIVER ME
THE POWER I NEED.
THEN FORGET IT, 'CAUSE
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED,
THIS DUEL'S OVER,
GOT IT?
I'M AFRAID NOT.
YOU'RE NOT BACK
AT DUEL ACADEMY.
YOU CAN'T STOP A DUEL.
WE MUST CONTINUE
THIS BATTLE
UNTIL ONE OF US BECOMES
ONE WITH THE STARS.
AS PART OF
MY RITUAL'S EFFECT,
I CAN SEND
ALL FORBIDDEN ONE CARDS
IN MY GRAVE TO MY DECK.
BUT MY FORCE OF FOUR
SPELL PUT A STOP
TO EXODIA.
FOR THE TIME BEING.
NOW I'LL SACRIFICE
TWO FORBIDDEN ONE CARDS
IN MY HAND
TO SUMMON EXODIOS,
THE ULTIMATE FORBIDDEN LORD.
EXODIOS?
[ROARS]
PRECISELY.
THINK OF HIM AS EXODIA'S
DISTANT COUSIN.
OH, MAN, NOW I
GOTTA FACE A FAMILY
OF FORBIDDEN ONES.
HMM...
MY EXODIOS CANNOT
BE DESTROYED,
AND HE'S ALSO IMMUNE
TO SPELLS, TRAPS,
AND MONSTER
SPECIAL ABILITIES.
YOU'RE JOKING.
WELL, I HOPE YOU'RE READY
FOR THE PUNCHLINE.
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL TO THE NUMBER
OF CARDS IN MY GRAVE
THAT HAVE "FORBIDDEN ONE"
IN THEIR NAME,
AND THAT NUMBER IS THEN
MULTIPLIED BY 1,000.
WITH TWO FORBIDDEN ARMS
IN MY GRAVE,
EXODIOS GETS
2,000 ATTACK POINTS.
AAH! AAH!
HER DUEL ENERGY.
EXODIA'S
DRAINING IT.
HMM. NOW, EXODIOS,
TIME TO POWER YOU UP.
SEE, WHENEVER EXODIOS
IS ABOUT TO ATTACK,
IF I HAPPEN TO HAVE
A CARD IN MY HAND
WITH THE NAME
"FORBIDDEN ONE" IN IT,
I CAN THEN
REMOVE THAT CARD
AND SEND IT DIRECTLY
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND WITH THAT, MY EXODIOS
GAINS ANOTHER
1,000 ATTACK POINTS.
UH! UH! AAH!
ECHO!
NOW PREPARE TO FEEL
THE WRATH OF EXODIOS,
THE FORBIDDEN LORD.
GO, LIGHTNING
FIRE FLASH.
[ROARS]
UH!
OH, DEAR ME.
UH... UH... RGH.
SHAKE IT OFF AND FINISH
WHAT YOU STARTED.
COME ON.
AAH!
Aster: WELL, YOU
DON'T DISAPPOINT.
EXODIOS SURE IS
A POWERFUL MONSTER,
BUT, YOU SEE,
YOU CAN'T HAVE
THE MONSTER YOU
REALLY WANT, CAN YOU,
AND IT'S ALL BECAUSE
I PLAYED ONE LITTLE
SPELL CARD,
AND AS A RESULT,
YOU CAN'T SUMMON EXODIA,
THANKS TO
FORCE OF FOUR'S EFFECT.
REMEMBER
WHAT IT DOES?
OF COURSE.
IN ORDER FOR ME
TO SUMMON EXODIA,
I NEED ALL 5
FORBIDDEN CARDS IN MY HAND,
AND YOUR SPELL
ONLY ALLOWS ME 4.
THAT'S RIGHT. SO SORRY.
UNLESS YOUR EXODIOS...
HAS YET ANOTHER
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHEN 5 CARDS WITH
"FORBIDDEN ONE" IN THEIR NAME
ARE IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN BREAK EXODIA'S SEAL,
AND THEN IT'S GAME OVER.
GAME OVER?
AND WITH THE SEAL BROKEN,
EXODIA WILL BE FREE
TO ABSORB THE LAST
OF ECHO'S DUEL ENERGY.
FACE IT.
YOU CAN'T SAVE YOURSELF,
WHICH MEANS YOU CAN'T SAVE HER.
ONCE EXODIA'S SEAL
IS BROKEN,
ECHO'S DUEL ENERGY
WILL ENABLE HIM TO RULE
BY MY SIDE.
PITY YOU WON'T BE
AROUND TO SEE IT
'CAUSE ONLY THEN
WOULD YOU KNOW WHY
THIS HAD TO BE DONE.
YOU GOT IT WRONG
'CAUSE, YA SEE,
I'LL BE RIGHT HERE.
I'M STOPPIN' YOU
AND EXODIA.
FIRST,
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND THEN
ACTIVATE DUNKER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
BY SENDING
A DESTINY HERO
IN MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
YOU AUTOMATICALLY TAKE
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
HA HA HA!
ASTER, YOU CAN TRY
ALL YOU WANT,
BUT DON'T YOU SEE
THAT IN THE END,
YOUR DESTINY IS HOPELESS.
WELL, MY DIAMOND DUDE
WILL FIX THAT RIGHT UP
'CAUSE I PLAY
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY.
BY REMOVING
A DESTINY HERO
IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY,
I CAN THEN SUMMON
A LEVEL-4-OR-BELOW
DESTINY HERO
FROM THE SAME PLACE,
AND GUESS WHO'S
REPORTING FOR DUTY.
DESTINY HERO
DISK COMMANDER.
AND IF DISK COMMANDER IS
SUMMONED FROM THE GRAVE,
LUCKY ME 'CAUSE
I GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS.
THEN I'M GONNA
SACRIFICE MY DUNKER,
DIAMOND DUDE,
AND DISK COMMANDER
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
DESTINY HERO DOGMA.
[ROARS]
WITH THAT MANY
ATTACK POINTS,
ASTER'S MONSTER IS STRONGER
THAN ADRIAN'S EXODIOS.
Aster:
AND BECAUSE DOGMA WAS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
YOU LOSE
HALF YOUR LIFE POINTS
ONCE THE NEXT STANDBY
PHASE TAKES PLACE...
HMPH.
BUT WHY WAIT
TILL THEN?
LET'S SLICE
SOME POINTS OFF NOW.
GO, DOGMA
DAGGER DASH.
[ROARS]
DON'T YOU KNOW THAT EXODIOS
CAN'T BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE?
HE MIGHT BE SAFE,
BUT YOUR
LIFE POINTS AREN'T.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
IT'S MY MOVE.
NOT SO FAST.
YOU LOSE HALF
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
THANKS TO DOGMA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
REMEMBER?
[THINKING]
KEEP SMILING, ADRIAN,
BECAUSE WITH
ONE MORE ATTACK,
YOU CAN FORGET
ABOUT SUMMONING
YOUR PRECIOUS EXODIA
BECAUSE THIS DUEL
WILL BE ALL OVER
AND ECHO
WILL BE SAFE.
BRING IT ON.
EXODIOS, IT'S TIME
TO SHOW HIM YOUR POWER.
[THINKING]
HE'S ATTACKING ME?
BUT MY MONSTER'S
STRONGER.
I TAKE IT YOU FORGOT
ABOUT HIS SPECIAL ABILITIES.
EACH TIME HE ATTACKS,
I CAN SEND A FORBIDDEN ONE
CARD TO MY GRAVEYARD.
AAH!
ECHO, NO!
AAH AAH!
AND WITH THAT,
4 EXODIA CARDS ARE NOW
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
BUT YOU NEED 5.
THAT'S JUST TO SUMMON
THE FORBIDDEN ONE, ASTER.
THEY ALSO MAKE
EXODIOS STRONGER.
[ROARS]
4,000?
THIS IS BAD.
NOW, EXODIOS,
TAKE OUT DESTINY DOGMA.
[ROARS]
UH! NO!
ASTER!
EXODIA.
OH... OH...
[THINKING] IT'S COMING.
[THINKING] IF ADRIAN
GETS ONE MORE FORBIDDEN
CARD IN HIS GRAVE,
EXODIA'S SEAL
WILL BE BROKEN,
AND ECHO'S DUEL ENERGY
WILL BE DRAINED
COMPLETELY.
LET HER GO.
NO.
NOTHING CAN BE DONE.
HER DUEL ENERGY IS HIS NOW,
AND SOON, EXODIA
WILL BE FREED
FROM THE BINDS THAT HOLD HIM
WITHIN HIS PRISON,
AND HE'LL BE MINE
TO COMMAND,
AND THEN NOTHING WILL STOP ME
FROM RULING THIS WORLD.
OH!
HMM...
ADRIAN. HE'S FALLING
TO THE DARKNESS.
AAH!
IT'S JUST LIKE
WHAT I DID.
ALL HE CARES ABOUT
IS POWER,
NO MATTER
WHO HE HURTS.
ADRIAN, DON'T DO THIS.
WHATEVER DOES
HE MEAN, ZANE?
UH...
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT HE MEANS.
HE'S SAYING THAT
DARKNESS CORRUPTS YOU.
IT HAS THE POWER TO
CHANGE WHO A PERSON IS.
NOTHING'S CHANGING ME.
THIS IS WHO I'VE ALWAYS BEEN.
YOU SEE, I'M JUST FINALLY
UNLEASHING WHO I REALLY AM.
IS THAT RIGHT?
DID ECHO KNOW WHO
YOU WERE REALLY WERE,
OR DID SHE DO ALL THIS
FOR THE PERSON
SHE THOUGHT YOU WERE?
ARE YOU
LISTENING, ADRIAN?
WELL, ARE YA?
DON'T FEEL SORRY
FOR HER.
SHE KNEW THAT, IN ORDER
FOR ME TO RULE,
I HAD TO LET
THIS SIDE OUT.
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
THAT SIDE OF YOU'S
GOING TO THE STARS.
[ROARING]
IT'S NOW OR NEVER,
AND I DRAW
THE SPELL D-MIND,
AND THANKS TO THIS,
SINCE THERE AREN'T
ANY DESTINY HEROES
OUT ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
A LEVEL-3-OR-BELOW
DESTINY HERO
DIRECTLY FROM MY DECK,
AND I CHOOSE
DESTINY HERO DEPARTED,
AND SPEAKING OF LEAVING,
I'M REMOVING THE DESTINY
HERO MALICIOUS
IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
ANOTHER DESTINY HERO
FROM MY DECK,
AND NEXT,
I'M SUMMONING
MY D-CUBIC.
NOW I SACRIFICE
ALL 3 TO SUMMON
DESTINY HERO PLASMA,
DESTINY'S
ULTIMATE HERO.
CHECK IT OUT.
AND PLASMA
CAN THEN EQUIP
ONE OF THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD,
GETTING HALF OF
ITS ATTACK POINTS
AS WELL AS
THAT MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
HMM, IMPRESSIVE,
BUT SINCE WE'RE ON
THE TOPIC OF MONSTER
SPECIAL ABILITIES,
YOU REMEMBER THAT EXODIOS
ISN'T AFFECTED BY THEM...
RRGH!
AND ONCE
I ATTACK YOU,
ALL THE PIECES
WILL BE IN PLACE
FOR EXODIA TO BE RELEASED.
OH, REALLY?
NOT IF I PLAY
MY FACEDOWN SPELL
KNOWN AS DRAIN TIME.
THIS CANCELS OUT
A GAME PHASE I CHOSE
FOR ONE TURN,
SO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO OUR BATTLE PHASE,
AND... GUESS WHAT...
WITHOUT A BATTLE PHASE,
YOUR EXODIOS
IS STUCK IN NEUTRAL,
SO HE CAN'T ATTACK,
AND YOU CAN'T SEND
THE FIFTH EXODIA CARD
TO YOUR GRAVE.
THAT'S INTERESTING.
DARN RIGHT, IT IS...
[THINKING]
AND AS LONG AS EXODIA'S
STILL IN CHECK,
I'M STILL IN THE GAME.
WITHOUT A BATTLE PHASE,
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
I CAN DO...
THROW DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
OH, ASTER,
HOW STIRRING.
RGH! I'LL SHOW YOU
STIRRING.
GO, PLASMA ROAR.
HMM.
AND BECAUSE
MY DESTINY HERO PLASMA'S
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN PLACE
A PLASMA COUNTER ON IT.
DON'T FORGET,
YOU STILL HAVE TO SKIP
YOUR BATTLE PHASE.
I PLACE A FACEDOWN.
YOUR TURN.
[ROARING]
OHH!
[THINKING]
HOLD ON, ECHO.
ADRIAN? GUESS WHAT.
DURING THIS
STANDBY PHASE,
DESTINY DEPARTED'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES,
SUMMONING HIM
TO YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE...
AND NOW
MY PLASMA ATTACKS
YOUR DESTINY HERO.
GO, PULSATING
PELLET BARAGE.
GOOD THING I HAVE THIS,
MY FACEDOWN TRAP...
DEFENSE SEAL WALL.
IF THIS IS PLAYED WITH
EXODIOS ON THE FIELD,
NOT ONLY IS YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK NEGATED,
BUT THE CURRENT
BATTLE PHASE IS ENDED.
THAT MAY BE, BUT
I'M ACTIVATING THIS,
DESTINY HERO PLASMA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
IT CAN ABSORB HALF
DEPARTED'S LIFE POINTS,
MAKING PLASMA
500 POINTS STRONGER.
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING] I JUST HAVE
TO LAST ONE MORE ROUND.
A VALIANT TRY
BUT FRUITLESS.
DO YOU REALLY THINK SO?
'CAUSE GUESS WHAT I GET.
ONE MORE PLASMA COUNTER.
HMM.
[THINKING] OH, YEAH.
THAT'S RIGHT, ADRIAN.
WITH TWO COUNTERS,
I CAN SEND PLASMA ROAR
TO THE GRAVEYARD
ON MY NEXT TURN.
THEN, I CAN
DESTROY A MONSTER,
AND YOU TAKE HALF ITS
ATTACK POINTS AS DAMAGE.
IT WON'T WORK
WITH EXODIOS,
BUT I COULD DESTROY
MY OWN PLASMA.
ALL I GOTTA DO IS
LAST ONE MORE ROUND.
RRGH!
[THINKING]
YOU CAN DO THIS.
I KNOW IT.
[WHIMPERS]
[ROARS]
HUH?
AND NOW, MY EXODIOS,
ATTACK.
[ROARING]
AAH!
END THIS DUEL NOW.
UNLEASH YOUR FURY.
HOLD ON!
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
PLASMA DISCHARGER.
BY DESTROYING ONE EQUIP
CARD ON MY FIELD...
THE BATTLE PHASE
TAKING PLACE
IS RENDERED USELESS,
WHICH IS A FANCY WAY
TO SAY YOU CAN'T ATTACK.
[THINKING]
ALL ADRIAN HAS TO DO
IS END HIS TURN,
AND I CAN WIN THIS.
COME ON.
Echo: AAH!
AAAAH!
ECHO?
WHAT IS THAT?
HER PENDANT.
OH! HUH?
I'M SORRY YOU'RE CAUGHT
IN THE MIDDLE OF THIS.
ALL THAT I WANTED
WAS TO PROVE TO ADRIAN
THAT I'D DO
ANYTHING FOR HIM.
ASTER, DESPITE
WHAT'S HAPPENED HERE,
IT'S ALL FOR THE BEST.
BUT, ECHO,
LOOK WHAT HE DID.
HOW CAN YOU
SAY THAT?
HUH? ECHO! ECHO!
HUH?
OHH...
UH...
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
Zane: SHE'S NEARLY
OUT OF DUEL ENERGY.
AS WILL ASTER
ONCE I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
RAGE OF THE FORBIDDEN ONE.
THIS SPELL CANCELS ANY EFFECTS
YOU ACTIVATED THIS TURN,
AND BECAUSE OF THAT,
MY EXODIOS CAN NOW ATTACK.
FINALLY, ALL THE PIECES
WILL BE IN PLACE,
AND EXODIA'S SEAL
WILL BE BROKEN.
BY SENDING THIS FIFTH CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
THIS GAME IS OVER,
AND MY RULE SHALL BEGIN.
HA!
EXODIA, MEET YOUR MASTER.
HE'CAN'T. ASTER...
AAGH!
AAH!
[ROARING]
Adrian: AND WITH
THE LAST OF ECHO'S
DUEL ENERGY ABSORBED.
EXODIA IS MINE
TO COMMAND,
AND MY BIND TO YUBEL
IS BROKEN...
AND NOW I AM KING.
AAH!
OHH...
EXODIA, DESTROY
ASTER AND HIS FRIENDS.
AAH! YOU CAN'T.
[THINKING] I HAVE TO
BUY THEM SOME TIME,
JUST ENOUGH FOR THEM
TO ESCAPE.
HMM. HUH?
ASTER!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SAVING MY FRIENDS.
NOW GO.
GOOD IDEA.
AND YOU.
YOU CAN'T STAY HERE.
HE HAS NO CHOICE.
ASTER!
IT'S ALL GOOD HERE,
JADEN, I PROMISE, OK?
NOW GET OUTTA HERE
WHILE YOU STILL CAN.
ASTER!
GET OUTTA HERE, JAY.
YA HEAR ME? NOW GO!
THERE'S NOTHING
THAT YOU CAN DO.
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR ME, PAL.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY.
NOW GO.
THERE'S NOT MUCH TIME.
THIS ENDS NOW.
ATTACK.
HEY, PLASMA, WHAT SAY
WE GO OUT WITH A BANG?
WAAH!
AAAAAAAH!
ASTER!
[THUNDEROUS STOMPING]
UH! OH!
HMPH.
YOU.
ADRIAN, HOW COULD YOU
DO THAT TO ASTER?
HMM, IS IT ANY WORSE THAN
WHAT YOU DID TO YOUR FRIENDS?
I DON'T THINK SO.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE TO BE GOING.
I HAVE A SCORE
THAT NEEDS SETTLING.
OH... HUH?
[WHIMPERS]
YOU'LL PAY.
ECHO, YOUR ACTIONS
WON'T BE IN VAIN.
I'M GOING TO MAKE IT
ALL WORTHWHILE RIGHT NOW.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOTTA LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪